% EE 313 -- Linear Systems and Signals -- Spring 2020 (#16150)

# EE 313 Linear Systems and Signals -- Spring 2020 (#16150)

## Syllabus
- The syllabus is avilable as a webpage here: [Syllabus](ee313sp20_syllabus.html)

## Course Material
The online class system is hosted on __Canvas__: [Canvas Course Page](https://utexas.instructure.com/courses/1275063)

Handouts will be distributed there. We will also use Canvas to send group e-mails and do online grading. Please make sure you know how to access Canvas and that you are listed there as a student.

We will also use __Piazza__ for online discussions: [Piazza Course Page](https://piazza.com/class/k5dc5lit9zn1h0)

This is a good place to post questions, which can be answered by the instructor, TA, or other students. Since students often have related questions, this is also a good place to look to see other questions and answers.

Assignments and exams will be graded using __Gradescope__: [Gradescope Course Page](https://www.gradescope.com/courses/81892)

Gradescope allows the course instructors to quickly grade and return your work in a timely manner.

Links to Piazza and Gradescope are also available through the Canvas course page.

## Course description
EE 313 builds a mathematical foundation for analyzing signals and systems in a wide variety of applications, including speech, audio, image and video processing as well as communications and control systems.  
Topics include representation of signals and systems, system properties, sampling, Laplace and z-transforms, transfer functions, frequency responses, convolution, stability, Fourier transform, feedback, and control applications, as well as computer analysis using MATLAB and Python.  
EE 313 feeds into several ECE specializations, including Data Science & Machine Learning, Energy Systems & Renewable Energy, and Communications, Networks & Systems. 


## Course info
The course will consist of lectures on the board as well as Python live demos. The course will follow the text,  

Oppenheim and Willsky, Signals and Systems (2nd Edition),  
Prentice Hall; 2 edition (August 1996) ISBN 0138147574  

The book is optional but **strongly recommended**  
